and Oksana Grichuk and yes Jani Plateau
one the world bronzed last year behind
the gold medal winners claim of on
Ponomarenko now skating professionally
they were second entering this free
dance program they've had a difficult
season they split up over the summer for
a couple of months looking for different
partners they're back together with a
new coach and they skate the blues
I understand now the judges are looking
at this differently and ice dancing and
yet why does it seem to me to be so much
like what we watched in the last four or
five years
a ton of richer and you have gained
e-platform
good enough for second place in the
European Championships what are your
thoughts I felt that from watching it
technically I thought it was quite
difficult and it had a very sort of
strong harsh feel to it and I'm kind of
unexhausted watching how about you Corsa
I think they're terrific skaters and
thank God they came out to life from
this program there's so much feel and
we'll see your original